A pivotal moment for me was the first time that I was accepted to UC Berkeley.
Obviously it's a great school and anybody would be really proud
to go there but until that time, I felt, even though I was in the
nuclear navy and you're allowed to have a really good job at the
end, I knew that that job, being a nuclear-trained operator in the civilian
world or even as a navy person, that wasn't for me, so it's
kind of, like, I had to start fresh, and I did. After the military,
I decided to be a computer scientist and I wasn't the best computer
scientist around but I did have the good work ethic and it was obvious
that I was trying really hard but I didn't really have a strong sense
of my own confidence until Berkeley said that they were accepting
me. That's when I knew, "Hey, you know what? There are people that
have been trying their whole entire lives to try to get into this
school. There are people with 4.0s, with perfect SAT scores that are
trying to get into this school" and for them to accept me, that's kind
of, validation for me. I know going to university isn't validation,
any type of university isn't validation but it's something that
I was trying really hard to do and I was successful at it. So, I consider
that maybe one of my first major successes. Being in the navy
was one of them and getting the UC Berkeley acceptance was another one.